feat(lint): add options from `typescript-eslint` to `useUnifiedTypeSignature` (#8368)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/rare-maps-read.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": minor
---

> Added 2 options from `typescript-eslint` (`ignoreDifferentlyNamedParameters` and `ignoreDifferentJsDoc`) to `lint/style/useUnifiedTypeSignatures`.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Added 2 options from `typescript-eslint` (`ignoreDifferentlyNamedParameters` and `ignoreDifferentJsDoc`) to [`useUnifiedTypeSignatures`](https://biomejs.dev/linter/rules/use-unified-type-signatures/).
```
